This is an advanced system that allows students and community members to recognize issues and collaborate to find solutions by assigning community volunteers. Using an app, after sufficient requests have been made, we will check whether any volunteers are free or nearby to be able to help. Depending on the problem, available volunteers with specific skill sets will reach the problem location and try to solve it. These solutions can be clearing water blockages, managing traffic, helping animals, cleaning parks, etc. This is a social welfare system for people to help their community. The basic functionality of our proposed solution includes identifying the problem and tapping the request option for that particular group of problems categorized in the app. Which will then help assign volunteers using AI. After local people or students place a request, the location and the problem are made visible in the app with the help of GPS technology along with an indicator displaying the severity of the problem. The severity of the problem depends on the number of people identifying and placing requests in the app for the same problem in a short time. The volunteers near the problem location are notified with the help of AI and are requested to help. The volunteers with the needed skills are notified first. If they are available, they will press the responding button in the app which will notify the people that the volunteers are on their way. After reaching the location, the volunteer updates his or her response to “Reached”. The volunteer will try to fix the problem and if they succeed the status will be updated to completed. If he/she needs additional help, they can request that via the app and other volunteers can join. As the problems will be queued by their severity level, the volunteers will be responding first to the most severe problem at hand. After that, they can move on to the next task in the queue. By solving the problems through this app, we can make a good impact on our society. This app is specifically targeted at the people of an area or a community. By using the app, everyone can come together to fix their communal problems quickly rather than waiting for the government to interfere. Also, willing young people and students can volunteer themselves for the good of others by signing up as a volunteers. They can see how much time they have given to doing good for others and compare stats with other volunteers. This can grow into a friendly competition which in turn would benefit their community.
